well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again head today really is part 3 of how
to change the world and today we're
going to talk about money I know not the
topic most people want to talk about but
you know if you're a war with the system
you have to act like it and Wars cost
money you know it's not for bullets and
bombs but you need resources to do just
about anything and who are the people
that are most aware of the failings of
the system those of limited means those
that don't have the resources to do much
and you're kind of trained to be like
that you really aren't in school learn
this you can get hired
you'll be employable working for
somebody else may not be the best answer
especially if you're looking for
independence I know a lot of people
you're in a situation where you have to
work for somebody else and those people
of limited means what is the advice we
give them most times
oh we'll cut out creature comforts you
know if you didn't go to Starbucks you
could save that $5 so let's say you're
on minimum wage you're working a job and
you're getting minimum wage and you
managed to sack away 50 bucks a month
the end of the year you got six hundred
dollars that's assuming that you didn't
get a flat tire in a dead battery in the
same month six hundred bucks that's six
hundred dollars is not going to change
your station in life I'm definitely not
saying you know don't save you
definitely need to for when that
inevitable bad thing does happen but
that's not the solution the solution is
increasing the amount of money you have
coming at it sounds easy right it's easy
to say
what happens when somebody outside of
one of your networks need something that
you know how to do and somebody inside
your network hears about it who do they
recommend you now sometimes that person
could be somebody who who could end up
being brought into the network if
they're of a like mind most times it
won't be and that can help especially
that recommendation because that
recommendation carries a lot of weight
people that are in these networks
they're active in their community and if
it's about somebody else who's active in
their community well they're not
recommending a company they're
recommending a person think about - -
when I brought up Bearpaw that first aid
kit company it was the fact that these
people were out there helping doing
hurricane relief doing search-and-rescue
helping train people helping their
community that made them so intriguing
you know yeah their kids are a little
bit cheaper and yeah they're good kids
but that wasn't really the selling point
and I know that that recommendation
mattered because I got a message from
the Kye that runs it they ran out of
supplies y'all clean them out it works
you know if it's if it's a
recommendation that isn't just some
nameless company it's a person and this
person is a good person that's who
people go with
and those recommendations can turn into
little micro businesses little home
businesses that can help you and you
know that can help you increase the
amount of money you have coming in and
that's the goal that's what you've got
to do to become financially independent
you know a lot of the other stuff we've
been talking about its breaking away
from the system but nobody wants to talk
about this aspect of it and you know
even if you don't have a skill that is
marketable you know you're not a
handyman or whatever there are a whole
bunch of low startup or no startup
businesses that can be done with almost
enough there are entire websites
dedicated to just listing the different
types of businesses that can be started
for like under five hundred dollars that
is a way to increase the amount of money
you have coming in and it helps in long
run and never forget that sometimes the
skills of the entire network complement
each other you know through a twist of
fate I'd have a group of firefighters
who everybody in the station happened to
know something about repairing houses
one was an electrician one was a plumber
one was a carpenter one was a painter so
of course these guys they're together
all day anyway so they started
remodeling and flipping houses and they
make a lotta money doing it and some
years they make more money doing that
than they do as a firefighter and never
forget about windfalls you know your tax
return you get that wad of cash in your
hand yeah you can go get a creature
comfort with it you know get a new
Playstation whatever I'm not gonna fault
you for that
you know everybody deserves to have some
nice things in their life
I don't I don't look down on people that
do that at the same time you could take
that money and put it into one of those
low startup or no startup businesses and
that could be that could be the
beginning of having more money coming in
and let's say you just don't have the uh
you don't have the time to do that you
can always invest and somebody else in
the network you know let's say you got a
guy that wants to start a landscaping
company but he needs a trailer you can
get him that trailer say okay well I'll
get you the trailer but ten percent
let's say that first year that ten
percent is a hundred dollars a month
it's already double what you would make
Sakon away the five dollars from
Starbucks you know if you want to talk
about independence this is part of it
you know you want to break away from
that system you don't have to be
employed by somebody else now a lot of
times people are in a situation where
they've got to be for a while but a lot
of these huge companies that everybody
knows we're started in somebody's garage
in fact the fifth column that was
started with a hundred bucks and an old
laptop and now it's I don't know how
many websites they own anyway it's just
a thought this series will continue but
we got to take a break because there's a
whole bunch of stuff in the news we have
we got to talk about and so y'all have a
good night